listen imagine making the
highest-grossing movie of all time and
then Evan Doolittle be your follow up
imagine somehow ending up as the second
highest-grossing movie so far of 2020
even though they had a rough start and
still being in that they had paid Robert
Downey around 20 million dollars to be
in this movie
it cost a hundred and seventy five
million dollars to make the whole thing
and even the people who they paid to see
it for free at the test screenings
didn't like it this thing got pushed
back after endgame only to meet its own
but really you know there's a problem
when you're not even the best Doolittle
installments let me explain why and I
sent that to Gig and he goes that looks
right to me as a great let's do this
movie it's always it you know any mean
it's always that thing of you click and
you go here's my here's here's my cents
what do you think and and then the other
the gal or the guy says yeah let's lean
into that yet don't say Robert Downey
jr. now I'll say that through his
interviews Downey has really talked
about how much he enjoyed working
alongside his wife who served as
producer in the film on making this
movie that his kids could see since
Avengers was pg-13 and they don't do
that in their household and how they
themselves raised their own animals back
home truly believing that everyone at
some point or another has talked to an
animal be it their pet or the bugs that
yell at on a daily basis and I'm happy
for them that said he don't tuck me in
and love me 3,000 at night so for my 12
bucks being heartfelt doesn't mean it's
good especially when you just throw
money at things like this was supposed
to be a children's film you know an
adventure geared towards the whole
family and so they got the guy who wrote
traffic Syriana call of duty ghosts'
they showed it to test audiences who
acted like they saw another Universal
movie so they decided to push their
spring day in 2019
right before Avengers 2 the dumping
ground that is January they practically
had three directors on this thing
because the producers wanted to make it
sillier and so it was delayed nine
months they changed the name from the
voyage of dr. Doolittle to just do
little for Americans and in
and after all of the delays after maxing
out that a hundred and seventy five
million budget was marketing and
reshoots to the point that the observer
claims the movie needs to make five
hundred mil to break-even what they
figured this movie needed to be fixed
was
see there's a target audience and then
there's targeting the audience that said
this man was having a blasty blast on
set pretty much the story revolves
around a vet who can talk to animals but
then goes m.i.a after his wife's death
it isn't until two kids show up to his
place that he goes back to doctoring
but Tommy wanting him to fix Craig
Robinson the squirrel and then this
princess seeking help for the sick Queen
Dolittle chooses to give the squirrel
mouth-to-mouth instead but then they
realize that they need another 80
minutes to stretch out this movie so
they add all these random dumb obstacles
in order for him to help the Queen
there's a scene that's so bad it's good
at the beginning that has Downey
mumbling gibberish because obviously you
know in his house he just communicates
with the animals but they make the
artistic choice that once the humans
come into the picture to visit Dolittle
that this should happen does that mean
he speaking gibberish the rest of the
movie in front of the human people you
know I should have just put in asterisks
like when comics translate from Farsi
Robert also does a Welsh accent the way
he does indie films it's a Welsh accent
right Jackson yeah even Welsh people try
not to do it it was so bad like the rest
of the voice cast didn't even change
their voice at all I'm assuming they
just you know wanted to keep them and
they wanted people to know that it was
dumb since they dropped all the money
for them but granted they then straight
up ignore the setting they chose the
time period because they had John Cena
playing a polar bear who sounds just
like John Cena playing a polar bear and
since Koo Mouse ostrich who sounds like
Kumail can see him they spend the entire
movie pulling dudebro jokes respects
rami malek is also in this after winning
his Oscar which cooked with Google found
his performance to be too convincing but
its first feature after the gold is this
gorilla named Chi Chi Yu as anxiety
Antonio was more pain than glory in this
I'm hearing bigmouth voices coming out
of this dragonfly Michael Sheen made the
pirate from The Wiggles look like Akbar
Abdi with what he did here and then they
really had Octavia Spencer say how but a
it's a marvelous reunion with Tom
Holland voicing a talk and had I got
Nami will never know seriously
I'm lost banana makes perfect sense the
orange mental this is like being stuck
in hell where the 101 minute running
time drags longer than eternity like the
CGI seems to be coming from different
Studios I don't know how this happened
look some of it is super cartoony while
other animals look like first renders
that they did on that new Lion King
movie many times the audio doesn't even
sync the ADR is so horrendous you you
could just tell all the overdubbing that
was happening the humans aren't even
matching that animals highline's
like they forgot to buy the tennis balls
on set so the actors knew where to look
it's almost like one director directed
it not knowing how to do CGI so then
they brought in another one super late
to try to fix that and when their budget
got too big they thought our wallets
would fix it Iron Man really died
so Dolittle could do little and that's
crazy to me because I really do enjoy
watching
Downey's work and if you follow the
story to the point where he is now it's
insane
because thirty years ago Robert Downey
jr. couldn't even get one pitch through
for an SNL sketch and now he's a global
icon who can get full productions on a
whim I just wish it was something better
than do a little I think you guys for
watching this movie I'm Kecia know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section I didn't cover the end because I
don't think I had an ending but it's
crazy to think that Universal had cats
no I got this
I think the the final numbers for cats
came in right there and what happened
with the box office but I just thought
the music box theater is going to be
running a drink along with like I asked
you at first I thought oh no they're
gonna be showcasing this artisan film
now they're making fun of it it's a part
of that get drunk series so at least you
know
it's crazy to think about it but cats is
definitely gonna make its money back
once they you know they're gonna treat
it like the room again I don't know
where they observed it but according to
the observer Doolittle has to make up
that budget claiming it has to you know
reach half of Billy so that's I I think
that's gonna be more difficult for it to
do I've seen grab your movies with less
known actors have stronger legs and
Downey's fake ostrich so maybe there is
an opportunity but we'll see the voice
acting again I do like Kumail and I'm
not saying it because I don't want me
but every single character he voices is
literally just the same inflections and
I'm hoping that with this new wave of
voice acting with CGI you know because
it was always animation but now you've
CGI is a new animation this live-action
animation
I'm really hoping they don't go this
lazy route of just hiring talent and
then not having them I don't know be
talented like this is not saying that
there's anything wrong with keeping your
saying boys but voice actors are a thing
and I feel like they're just going the
cheap route it's not even cheap but
they're going the less creative route
and just having voices voice if you know
what I'm talking about but I don't know
it's kind of annoying it's been a
problem I hope they fixed it because you
know I don't see where you're being so
lazy when you have a hundred and seventy
five million dollars on your movie but
that's what happens when you end up
wasting that much money
here's to know your thoughts don't
forget to comment like and subscribe